The Battle of the Neighborhoods - Week 1


Introduction & Business Problem :

Back Ground -

New York is the most populous city in the United States. It is diverse, multicultural and is the financial capital of USA. It is a global 
hub of business and commerce. The city is a major center for banking, finance, retailing, transportation, tourism, real estate,theater, 
fashion, and the arts in the USA.

This also means that the market is highly competitive and also cost of doing business is also one of the highest. So any new business
 venture or expansion needs to be analysed carefully. The insights derived from analysis will give good understanding of the business
 environment to help in strategically targeting the market. Also will help in risk reduction along with reasonable return of Interest.

Description
A restaurant is a business which prepares and serves food and drink to customers in return for money, either paid before the meal,
 after the meal, or with an open account. The City of New York is famous for its excelllent cuisine. It's food culture includes an array 
of international cuisines influenced by the city's immigrant history.

Central and Eastern European immigrants, especially Jewish immigrants - bagels, cheesecake, hot dogs, knishes, and delicatessens
Italian immigrants - New York-style pizza and Italian cuisine
Jewish immigrants and Irish immigrants - pastrami and corned beef
Chinese and other Asian restaurants, sandwich joints, trattorias, diners, and coffeehouses are ubiquitous throughout the city
mobile food vendors - Some 4,000 licensed by the city
Middle Eastern foods such as falafel and kebabs examples of modern New York street food
It is famous for not just Pizzerias, Cafe's but also for fine dining Michelin starred restaurants.The city is home to "nearly one thousand 
of the finest and most diverse haute cuisine restaurants in the world", according to Michelin.

So it is evident that to survive in such competitive market it is very important to startegically plan. Various factors need to be studied 
inorder to decide on the Location such as :

New York Population
New York City Demographics
Are there any Farmers Markets, Wholesale markets etc nearby so that the ingredients can be purchased fresh to maintain quality and
 cost?
Are there any venues like Gyms, Entertainmnet zones, Parks etc nearby where floating population is high etc
Who are the competitors in that location?
Cuisine served / Menu of the competitors
Segmentation of the Borough
Untapped markets
Saturated markets etc
The list can go on...

Eventhough well funded ANAND Company Ltd. need to choose the correct location to start its first venture.If this is successful they 
can replicate the same in other locations. First move is very important, thereby choice of location is very important.

We will be using Data Science to project the best location. We will be successful, if we can provide the best neighbourhood choice for 
ANAND company.